a British Palestinian trauma surgeon who
served as a doctor in Gaza says that
he's been denied entry to France while
on a flight from London Dr rassan abitt
was expected to address the French
Senate later on in the day abua was
denied entry to Germany earlier last
month and says the German authorities
placed a one-year ban on his entry to
Europe The shenen Zone specifically he
added that French authorities insisted
on sending him on a late night flight
back to London despite earlier flights
being available
today I was supposed to give a statement
and my testimony before the French
Parliament yet upon arrival into Charles
deore airport I was briefly arrested on
the grounds of a ban that prevents me
from entering into any of the shenen
states this ban was issued under a
petition from the German government
although the French authorities had the
right to exempt me from the ban they did
not exercise such a right and denied my
entry in addition and in an attempt to
exercise more psychological pressure on
me the French authorities prevented me
from returning to London on the earliest
flights without my lawyer the French
authorities would not have handed my
phone back to me and I will only be
allowed to leave on the last flight to
London make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer